this case
do not wait for anything
I am sad and hi to all and to
all
it's you yade and we find ourselves
today for a video of stuff and
tips on hba your daughter 4 so
today I made this video for
help you unlock more easily
and faster the sr21 so for
attack already I advise you to go
on the map siege of shanghai and then
so take a jet ski to go
to put
towards the middle of the water to take the
jaf full time that launches rockets
for the engineer and so to wait with
a bias of what happens because they
say stuff in a boat but that
also understands what is happening
includes everything that can be a group
and therefore to wait until there is one who
not go far from you to aim it and to
expose it suffered destroyed vehicles
which he tells you in what are you
would have unlocked it so even if the enemy
destroyed by a vehicle spell before
that the vehicle is destroyed that can
com you count as there in that
video
here and then then in the rest of
this video I show you how
works
the sr 2 is not necessarily done and is
so here it is and so my next one
video of tips tricks on boat girl
4 it will be to help you unlock the
the machine gun son at ws is so full
see you soon
goodbye